When approaching a lake, I noticed 
something floating atop the water. 
I originally believed it was a stick, 
but upon closer examination, it 
was a small crocodilian. I believe 
that this was Calsoyasuchus. It 
tried lurching at me when I was 
drinking, but I was able to back 
away. Luckily, it is far faster in 
the water than it is on land, so I 
was able to get back before it 
could take my foot.

While returning to the watering 
hole, I noticed a group of 
Calsoyasuchus on the shore. They 
had dragged several Ceratodus 
onto shore and were eating or 
sleeping on the rocks. I figure 
that they must be crepuscular, as 
they don't seem to have a 
collective schedule beyond 
basking when it's hot enough.
