While I was observing a nest, a 
very interesting theropod 
dinosaur approached. Sporting 
fluffy feathers and a noticeable 
head crest, I knew that I was in 
the presence of the oviraptorid 
Citipati. Despite being an 
"egg-thief", the Citipati 
approached the eggs, puffed out 
its feathers, and roosted on them, 
providing shade from the midday 
sun. Upon arrival though, a large 
lizard cautiously approached the 
nest. Before it could grab an egg, 
another Citiapti rushed out of the 
nearby plant covering and began 
to chase it.

After several hours, the other 
Citipati returned carrying what 
looked to be the corpse of that 
lizard. They shared it, and when 
the sun set, began to doze off. 
Despite the great heat, these 
Citipati appear to be diurnal.
