common tree here in Djadochta.

Ginkgo
Ginkgos are another tree found 
both here and in Hell Creek. 
Differing from the Metasequoia, 
Ginkgos are shorter and have 
fan-shaped leaves, versus the 
taller needle-leafed Metasequoias. 
Ginkgos seem to be the rarest of 
the three trees, but not by much.

Trochodendroides
These willow-like trees seem 
somewhat frequent in the Arroyo. 
Unlike the straight and tall 
Metasequoia and Ginkgos, these 
trees are much bushier and 
compact. Their leaves are far 
droopier, and they seem to be 
more common along the edge of 
the water than the other trees. 
Their shade also offers a nice 
respite from the blistering sun.

Horsetails
While the Dunes are barren and 
desolate, the Arroyo is far from. 
Horsetails seem to cover the 
ground, growing everywhere they 
can. Despite the semi-arid 
conditions, these plants seem to 
be thriving anywhere close to 
where water can be found. 

Cobbania
Where water is, Cobbania can be 
found. These ancient water 
cabbages grow in clumps on top 
of any body of water that can be 
found here. Cobbania are far 
