At night, I still hear Jefferson's 
screams. After the Dilophosaurus 
attack, we fled, attempting to get 
back home. Jefferson had been 
hurt badly and needed a moment 
to rest. I shouldn't have left him 
to look for water. On my way, I 
noticed a bunch of small crested 
theropods cocking their heads at 
me. I recognized them immediately 
as Megapnosaurus. I was still 
strong enough to fight back, so 
they left me alone. I didn't think of 
it at the time, but Jefferson was 
too weak to fight back. Before I 
even took another step, I could 
hear his screams. When I got back, 
it was too late. They had swarmed 
him. 

I had noticed this behavior 
before, with them swarming an 
injured Scelidosaurus, but seeing 
it happen to my friend. I can 
never forget it.